what is going on everyone this is
another best modified cars video for GTA
5 online now this time I'm gonna be
looking at the anise LG rh8
now this video was requested by a couple
users that are on the screen right now
and remember if you want to request a
video or a car leave it in that comment
section below now this car is really
easy to get first you want to have a
garage secondly you want to make sure
you'll sign up to the social club
Rockstar website that I'm showing you on
the screen right now most people would
have done this by now you need to do it
to join crews and other stuff like that
so go ahead and do that because it's
free once you've gone and done all that
good stuff what you want to do now is go
to the legendary motorsport website and
once you're there you'll see the LG RHA
it's pretty much the first car up there
on the second row and it's completely
free now and you can choose whatever
color you want and get it delivered to
your garage now as this car is modeled
after the Nissan GTR I wanted to do a
like a replica kind of thing of the
blueness and GTR from fast furious six
it's in that movie if you recognize at
all so this is what I'm 1 like this is
the look that I'm going for is the
reasoning behind what I'm picking on
this particular car so if we go straight
in and look at the front bumpers there's
the carbon splitter and the splitter
with the cannons I went ahead and choose
that because I think they look closest
what I was going for for the rear bumper
there's the carbon rear diffuser the
painted rear bumper and the painted
bumper with an diffuser
I went ahead and picked the painted
bumper and diffuser for the exhaust says
three altogether including the stock and
there's also the dual titanium and race
exhaust I went and picked the race
exhaust cuz I think they looked the best
out a lot the grill there's two besides
this stock the black grille and exposed
intercooler I wasn't actually sure if
there's even a difference between the
stock and expose into core I couldn't
see one I looked at it a few times let
me know in the comments if you see any
difference I really couldn't so I just
stuck with these stock now the hood
there are three besides the stock the
vented the double vented and the carbon
as I want to paint the car I went ahead
and chose the double vented the car also
has the option put the roll cage in so I
went ahead and put the roll cage and
chassis upgrade
the roof also has a carbon roof option
but again I want to paint the car so I
didn't go with the carbon I just stuck
with the stock now the skirts there are
four different skirts there's the custom
one two three and four personally I
wouldn't go on four four even though I
don't have it unlocked because it's got
that carbon around and I don't want that
I want to paint it all so I went with
the custom skirts three here now the
spoiler there's five customizable
spoilers there's the low level spoiler
at the high level spoiler the tuna wing
the carbon wing and the GT wing now for
the look I was going for I wanted the GT
wing but unfortunately you're required
to the rank of 63 and I was like 61 at
the time so I went ahead and leveled so
at this point in time right here in the
video I didn't choose another spoiler I
just stuck with the stock one but later
on in the video you'll see that I have
the GT wing on now for the wheels I
probably could have gotten a lot closer
to the actual picture but I ended up
choosing the endo v2s because I thought
they'd look really good and I really
like these wheels so I went ahead and
chose them so for both the primary and
secondary color ended up going for dark
blue with both I thought it looked
really nice it's probably not an exact
match probably I think it's a bit
lighter at the color but I really liked
how the dark blue look so I ended up
going as I said dark blue for both the
secondary and primary color and for the
wheel color I ended up going for the
black I just looked really nice and it's
kind of the same and how it looks like
in the movie and as we can see here now
I have hit 63 so I went ahead and chose
the GT wing to finish the car off so
that was the anise LG rh8 guys if you
enjoyed this video remember to hit that
thumbs up button I appreciate it and it
takes two seconds to let me know if you
liked the video or not also leave a
comment down below if you enjoyed this
video and if you want to request any
other videos and also subscribe to my
channel for more GTA 5 online and other
gaming content thanks guys